java c EE3C, Power Electronics and Power Systems Assignment on Power Electronics, 2024-25 Task 1 (Marks: 20) A three-phase 6-pulse diode rectifier, connected to a 3-phase AC supply, having a voltage of 415 V (line-to-line RMS), a frequency of 50 Hz, and a per phase series inductance of Ls = 5mH, feeds a static RL load. Question 1 Draw the circuit diagram of the AC-DC diode converter. [2] Question 2 Implement this rectifier in Simulink. The diodes have a forward voltage drop of 1.0 V when conducting. Model the load as the series of a resistor R = 10 Ω and an inductor L = 100 mH. Question 3 Using the circuit parameters of Question 2: Task 2 (Marks: 40) A three-phase 6-pulse, fully controlled thyristor rectifier supplies a static RL load, from a three phase 415 V (line-to-line RMS), 50 Hz, AC supply having a per phase series inductance of Ls = 2.5 mH. Question 1 Draw the circuit diagram of the AC-DC thyristor converter. [2] Question 2 Implement this rectifier in Simulink. The thyristors have a forward voltage drop of 1.0 V when conducting. Model the load as the series of a resistor R and an inductance L. Investigate the following cases in the simulation study: a) R = 50 Ω, L = 2 mH andLs = 2.5 mH; b) R = 50 Ω, L = 200 mH andLs = 2.5 mH; c) R = 10 Ω, L = 200 mH andLs = 2.5 mH; d) R = 10 Ω, L = 200 mH andLs = 10 mH. For all cases, the firing angle of thyristors has to be chosen to get an average voltage of 500 V across the load. In your report, you have to show and comment (maximum 2 sentences) the following for all the cases:

     the firing angles to achieve the desired   load voltage;                                                                   [1+1+1+1]
     the waveforms of   the DC voltage across the load;                                                                               [2+2+2+2]
     the   values   of   the   THD   of   the   currents   of   the   three   phase   AC   supply;    [1+1+1+1]
     the power factor   seen by the AC   supply, remembering   that   the   voltage
is sinusoidal but the current is distorted. [2+2+2+2] Question 3 Using the rectifier model of Question 2 and assuming Ls = 2.5 mH, R = 50 Ω, and L = 200 mH: Task 3 (Marks: 40) A pulse-width modulated (PWM) three-phase inverter, shown in Fig. 1, supplies a three-phase, Y-connected static RL load, connected to the nodes A, B, C. The input DC voltage Vd is smooth and equal to 600 V.

Fig. 1. Three-phase inverter supplying a static RL load Question 1 Develop a Simulink model for the inverter, using IGBT as power devices and sinusoidal PWM with triangular carrier as a modulation technique. The load parameters are R = 25 Ω and L = 200 mH. The modulation frequency and amplitude ratios are mf = 9 and ma = 0.8, respectively. For a fundamental frequency of the output voltage of 25 Hz and with reference to the circuit in Fig. 1, show in the report: Question 2 The inverter is modulated with a sinusoidal PWM with triangular carrier. Assume R = 25 Ω, L = 50 mH, ma = 0.8 and fundamental frequency output of 25 Hz.

  Design the   value of   the frequency   ratio mf to keep the   THD of   the output current below 2%.                                                               [10]
  Verify your design using your computer simulation.                                                                                                          [6]
Question 3 The inverter is modulated with a sinusoidal PWM with triangular carrier. Assu代 写EE3C, Power Electronics and Power Systems Assignment on Power Electronics, 2024-25Matlab 代做程序编程语言me R = 25 Ω, L = 50 mH, mf = 31 and fundamental frequency output of 25 Hz. Remarks These instructions have been tested in Matlab 2023a. Other Matlab versions might be slightly different.

    Remember to add units and titles to all diagrams included   in the   report.
    A simple way to improve the legibility of   the figures it to change the settings of   the   scopes:
a. Click on “view”, “Configuration properties”, “Time”, to add the time-axis label and select the x-axis unit b. Click on “view”, “Configuration properties”, “Display”, to add they-axis unit and the title; c. Click on “view”, “Style” will enable you to change the background colour of the figure, the linewidth and colour of the lines. 3) Some Simulink examples of AC-DC converters and DC-AC converters are available on Canvas. 4) Use the tutorial notes for Simulink and Matlab to help you for the development of the simulations. 5) Starting from the example for three-phase diode rectifier, change the diodes to thyristors. The thyristors can be controlled by the “Pulse generator (Thyristor 6- pulse)”, placed in “Simscape”, “Electrical”, “Specialized Power Systems”, “Power Electronics”, “Power Electronics Control” . Alternatively, you can search the block from the search bar at the top of the “Simulink Library Browser” . 6) The frequency of synchronisation (input “wt”) can be obtained with 3-phase a phase-locked loop algorithm, block “PLL (3ph)” from the AC power source. An angle duration of 10 degrees is often enough to turn the thyristors on. A “constant” block can feed the input “block”, putting the constant equal to zero. 7) A good example of a 6-pulse controlled rectifier can be found by typing in “power_ThyristorRectifiers” in the main Matlab window. 8) The “PWM generator (2-level)” block can be found in the same folder of the pulse generator forthyristors. Change the generator mode to “3-phase bridge (6 pulses)” and tick “internal generation of reference signal” . 9) To change the resistance as a step, you can use two resistors in parallel, with one of the two resistors series connected to an ideal switch (“Specialized Power systems”, “Power Electronics”). The switch is open when the input “g” is 0, it is closed when “g” is 1. The switch is initially open, so only one of the two resistors is connected to the rest of the circuit (e.g. 50 Ω). When the switch is closed by changing the input to port “g” from 0 to 1, the second resistor is connected in parallel, reducing the total load resistance. For example, if the second resistor is 33.3 Ω and the first resistor is 50 Ω, the equivalent resistance is 20 Ω . 10) PID controller blocks are already available in Simulink in the folder “Simulink”, “Continuous” . These controllers have all the functions already implemented, including saturation and anti-windup. 11) PID controllers work for the control of both DC and AC quantities. 12) To control a quantity “x”, you need to see “x” as the effect and you have to adjust the quantity “y”, where “y” is the cause of “x” . For example, in an electric circuit the current is the effect and the voltage is the cause; if you want to control the current, you have to regulate the voltage. Therefore, the output of the PID controller is the voltage reference that is generated by the converter. 13) In the model answers, the number of sentences is indicative of the expected length of each answer and it is not prescriptive.

   加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
